welcome dear friends of
play fat my name is the hand
my name is there is a new display
warcraft 3 and difficult one
nachtelfen and we will be here today
not on any tactical
get involved go to blade spielereien
but wash
yes we go the full offensive he
weigh everything right forward
but now a few times muckis
well here where what is because
Here is the wrong button
just when it's time to partys
chasing a nice build in the front and then
even more accurate maybe a two
Words that take us away maybe
a two tower can build on that
we do that the plan
We do not even have to go that big
did not know you scout not great
because we want to do it well
I should then remember
if he beats what of course a lot and
is then yes then it is bad
the best with distance here the most blatant
series of albums salon is so that we
have presented correctly right on
In any case, you have to understand
johannes is a football fan anyway
since then this funny Catalan
trainer to material is viola to
fc bayern change is no longer
keep it going here just football
comair yesterday you all over
football all day yes, just because
you are not interested in it yes
not so much as I have a look
country game but also not football me
waited for me when I was still clear than me
was still young then in the 90s
years ago dark remembers in
I actually have to be in the 90s
But now I want two here
guys with time at 90, he is also more
interested in football and was tomorrow
of the first fc cologne 8
yes I thought it was fun and that
I was split up I have so cans
collected their jerseys scarves everything
suitable as follows I have a judge
I've run a small office where
I play all the games of the first sequence
We registered our right way
on it and yes always I come from yes
spent driftwood and that is in the
area of ​​north german broadcasting and
then 15.30 always ndr 2 in
conferencing
Saturday I was so so with the
years , then it could well be any
season on ice and that has me
there maybe a little tinted
but otherwise I did not have it
I have more rock music on three of them
in any case for more than ten years and
Now it goes on
but we'll just go that way
that does not ebb but we have here
everything went to the beans
we already have the right one
He'll help him here too
will penetrate nice blizzard room
first of all, consider everything here on the
heroes because yes falls already
right when he's in bremen
Do you know what does it matter to us if it does
to cut out everything we have
now is first, of course, no one
we can take care of that in the beautiful
just start working gradually
but it also has a base built like
Last friend you have to go again
So tell little bit christmas
far apart everything because sometimes moon
wells at that time also a well and they
all a bit and also
professional
1 comment has become a competitor yes
So I have to be sensational that we
not fast on each side not even
buy it but the next time it will
maybe give up longer game too
hopefully every win will win again
to 3